Recommendations
"Tim is one of those rare leaders that can really drive change and transformation in an organization. Heled the way at Xerox to provide innovative QA solutions and strategies. He successfully championed and managed the development of an automated testing infrastructure, which provided higher quality testingfor significantly reduced costs. When our organization adopted Agile development, he led the way withbest practices. Tim fostered a fantastic partnership between QA and development; he understands software development at a deep level, and how QA can support that process at each step to provide the best product we can make. I worked with Tim for several years as a software project manager. I always knew that the QA on my project was under control. He would proactively address and handle issues. I could rely on his strategy, management of his team, and his expertise 100%."
— Katie Teslow, PMP, Sr. Technical Program Manager, worked with Tim at Xerox
"Tim is the best SQA project manager I have ever worked with. In addition to being a highly effective and detail oriented SQA project manager, Tim continuously innovates and improves the SQA strategy and processes. He worked closely with software development teams within Xerox (including mine) to develop state-of-the-art automated testing infrastructure and processes. I highly recommend Tim and would hire him if I had the opportunity."
— Jeremy Smith, Sr. Engineering Manager, managed Tim indirectly at Xerox
"Tim's leadership played a key role in transforming the SQA team and process to provide rigorous and efficient testing of the embedded firmware I participated in developing. Tasked with doing more with less,he and his team became more closely integrated with the developers which was instrumental in developing targeted and highly automated testing. Tim's efforts and vision were responsible for bringing to life a testing methodology that literally set the bar within the company. As a developer, I greatly appreciated the strengths of our test process which was embraced for its efficiency and allowed us to quickly deliver highly reliable software Tim draws not only on his experience but also demonstrates a willingness to incorporate advances in development process including his understanding and application of lean design."
— Victor Weinstein, Staff Engineer, worked with Tim at Xerox
"I have worked closely with Tim on several projects at Xerox. Tim's contributions to SQA in our organization have been immense. Tim has consistently been at the forefront of introducing best QA practices. Tim championed and led the implementation of automated system testing on our products which has provided a huge benefit to our product quality and reliability. Tim was critical in the adoption of agile processes within SQA which led to finding and fixing bugs early in development. Tim is an excellent person to work with. He is always positive and willing to help. I know I can count on Tim and heartily recommend him."
— Ashutosh Sanzgiri, Technical Program Manager, worked with Tim at Xerox
"Tim was the "go-to" guy at Tektronix/Xerox/HCL for pretty much the duration of my tenure there, about 18 years. Tim ran the show. He was well respected by both management and peers as a quality, hard working individual who consistently met his commitments, sometimes under very trying circumstances, and always with a positive attitude and a smile. Tim's knowledge of QA best practices is vast. He is considered the site guru on QA at Wilsonville and well respected throughout the rest of Xerox and HCL. In summary, if I were building a QA department, I can't think of a better person I'd like to anchor my staff with than Tim Farley."
— Bill Toner, Release Engineering Manager, worked with Tim at Xerox
"Tim is a great combination of easy going guy with a passion to improve and progress things. He is the driving force for our automated test and TDD. He is very much focused on the immediate business and customer needs, but also leads us into the future with new technologies and practices. He does a greatjob, rare in the business, of focusing on meeting business and customer objectives while also advancing technical practices and being better positioned for the next product development cycle. He seems completely unflappable."
— Rod Belshee, Platform Engineering Manager, worked with Tim at Xerox
"This is heartfelt recommendation for Tim Farley I’ve know and worked directly with time for over 7 years. He is an expert in his field and has continuously strived to improve SQA and testing practices to keep pace with the modern world. His world view of testing comprehends the realities of daily development and the best interests of the customer which come first. He is a good manager of people, his interactions with peers and superiors are flawless and his is calm and confident in all meetings and presentations even when under extreme pressure. He is considered the Subject matter expert and consulted numerous times on the state of SQA its current and future direction. His deliverables are always met on time and he managerially runs a tight ship."
— Iain Harding, Systems Engineering Manager, worked with Tim at Xerox
"Tim Farley is one of the most creative, agile, and positive people I've had the pleasure to work with. We partnered on a variety of improvement efforts and he always drove for excellence, looked for creative alternatives to roadblocks, and did so with good humor."
— Mary Hobson, Commercial Products Marketing Manager, worked directly with Tim at Cambia
"I have had the opportunity to work with Tim directly to recruit new employees by attending outreach events. Tim has always volunteered to assist in speaking with prospective employees. He has great enthusiasm when speaking with students about QA career opportunities. He has been a great representative of the organization and provided invaluable feedback to help improve our recruitment materials and messaging to prospective employees. I have also worked with Tim to hire, onboard and mentor Cambia interns. He has been a huge advocate for our internship program and our interns have spoken highly of his mentorship. I have enjoyed working with Tim and think he is a great team member."
— Michelle Schwartz, Diversity & University Programs Manager, worked directly with Tim at Cambia
"I personally worked with Tim on Cambia's strategic initiatives. He challenged the status quo and suggesting new approaches. Tim brought new ideas to Cambia at a critical time as the healthcare industry was facing major changes due to the Affordable Care Act. Tim's innovations enabled SQA teams to increase their expertise. Examples include: Quality Assurance practices and onsite training, online QA courses, direct engagement on projects to demonstrate practices, and piloting new testing tools and approaches. Tim is an asset to any company."
— Kim Wongwai, Strategic Technology Manager, worked directly with Tim at Cambia
"I worked with Tim for many years as he provided leadership for our SW QA testing efforts. Tim is extremely knowledgeable in SW QA and full of great ideas for automated SW testing. Tim helped drive our products to an exceptional level of SW reliability."
— Brent Fleming, Sr. Software Engineer, worked with Tim at Xerox
"Tim worked for me on a number of high-visibility projects. His expertize & deep understanding of the SQA domain coupled with significant exposure to Agile & the full SDLC was critical to the success of the department. Of equal importance was Tim's willingness to learn & adapt; He thrives on re-engineering a process / way of working with an objective of building higher efficiency or effectiveness. An asset to any organization."
— James Webster, Director of Product Quality, managed Tim at Xerox
"Tim is an extremely talented Quality Assurance Project Manager. He particularly excels at QA strategy.He keeps on the forefront of developments in his field, applies best practices to the project(s) at hand,and disseminates learning and insight back to his peer community. A true professional. Tim and I worked closely on several projects, and it was always a pleasure. Tim understands that a partnership should exist between SW Development and SW QA, and approaches projects with that in mind. His written and verbal communication skills are top notch. He is always reliable, always willing to listen, and always willing to help. Tim has nothing but my highest recommendations."
— Meghan Shaw, Product Integration Manager, worked with Tim at Xerox
"I worked with Tim for the past 12 years at Xerox/HCL. Tim is full of ideas on how to make things better and is willing to lead the organization through the required change. He works closely with the development and management teams to understand their needs and implement solutions to meet those needs. He initiated and led many of the efforts to implement automated system regression testing. These efforts allowed for orders of magnitude improvement in the number of test cycles that could be performed and significantly reduced the time that it took to find regression failures. Tim has vast knowledge of the latest and best QA practices and how to apply them. On top of this he is down to earth positive and easy going."
— Michael Moore, System Validation Engineer, worked directly with Tim at Xerox
"I am a product development software engineer that has worked with Tim over the past 10 years. Tim managed a team of Software Quality Engineers. He provided valuable leadership and input to develop several new innovative software test tools. One feature of these tools enabled testing thousands of test cases and allowed for rapid identification of introduced software defects on a nightly basis. Tim helped foster a synergistic working environment between his SQEs and the product development engineers. He and his team are very knowledgeable and competent. I highly recommend Tim."
— John Howell, Sr. Software Engineer, worked with Tim at Xerox
"Tim effectively managed SQA for product integration on a global stage in a continuously shifting environment. Tim built a team that provided testing and verification that was crucial to our product development. This integration into our development environment provided firmware releases with extremely low defects while allowing us to consistently meet our schedules. Tim was a major influence on the successful delivery of all the products I worked on at Xerox."
— Joey Smith, Sr. Software Engineer, worked with Tim at Xerox
"Tim is one of the top QA managers I have encountered, able to create processes and metrics to match any situation, and drive them, delivering superior product quality." 
— Paul Philippi, Software Architect, worked with Tim at Xerox
